so which have it? Our mother habits are helpful at home. The most important
one would be chain of command to realize that when you go home,
your significant other is still your important scene. Good on your
now messing in your significant other. Okay, so? So that's a hard spot
When people wanna be a charge and it's on the charge. Hey, I'm in
charge. Well, this is Hey, what city when their hope So happy spouse
be life when you go home. Best thing, remember is good order and
discipline. However, this one is Okay, Someone's in charge. Probably
you. It's three. In the morning. A little one needs changing a diaper
change. They heard about it. Oh, so you have very little control
over that. Enjoy it. Enjoy the chaos. Okay, remember, that's what you're
fighting for. That's why you go to see is life Love the pursuit
of happiness, Happiness A lot of fun. We'll get some